Hi, guys.
Oracle, in this lecture, we're going to display the products in the whole screen.
Okay.
Not to do this.
We are going to need to go to the single product design.
So we're going to go to the widgets then.
You're going to go to the products.
Okay.
And now we can then use control and B to make this white OC regular do the same thing.
Right.
So I am just going to do this.
So it must as you.
I can just copy what it is going to do with my start the process.
Okay.
So we are going to create a final variable and we can.
Call is rebel for doubts.
What you can just do.
We can just make this private space fully accessible within this page.
You can call this products for by the.
There's going to be core to the provider, right?
It doesn't look like or this way it automatically imports it.
Okay.
Then there's going to be lots of.
That's of.
I think it's not yet important to use.
Okay.
Okay, then.
Start of contest.
Okay.
Idea.
So we call on ten over here.
A lot of us in the startups.
Provide a class for us.
Okay, then.
Create a verbal card.
So that we can also make this.
Private products list.
And this is going to be a core to the product.
Provider.
The webinar says that a variable in the class or within the class scored.
Four.
That's okay.
And now we're going to need to specify the type.
It is a type of list.
And is it out of the products model for dogs?
Okay, great.
That's basically it.
Now, what we're going to do is over this image.
They're going to get rid of this.
And there's going to be.
Currently we are still using the assets may go in the future.
We are going to be using the network image.
Okay, this is digital player.
Okay, so now what we are going to do is we're going to call that FedEx.
So we are this car so forgot.
This.
Then I to see zero standards.
Images will not see us in zero is going to fetch all the images go it just says it just go fetch the
first image.
We are right.
So what you're going to do is we're in the past in the intense.
Okay.
So now what you can do is.
Where we can then create.
If China is going to be a type of aid, then it is, as you've seen it before then because they took
over and required this field, then passed it on to the constructor by saying this dirt Indians.
Okay.
Great.
Now the issue is we also need to do some changes in this fight.
Right.
Because any time we pass this recall, this paradox item, we need to as well pass the intensity with
required.
So what we can then do is we can highlight and use control dots.
You can see how to acquire argument index.
Okay.
And for the null attendee to index.
So it is basically iterating over this intense thought, right.
It's simply the starting point.
Right?
Simply with what?
The stats in.
Point.
Okay.
And now we can then use control.
And.
We?
Okay.
Just need to quietly start this.
Or we start this.
In case you do understand, you can do well to let me know.
So I try to explain better to you.
Okay.
I think there's a right.
He's walking.
So the next we're going to do is the prize.
So we're going to go back to the individual design for each product and call that five products.
So we're going to scroll down.
Without a doubt.
Kudos to those who think this is their product name.
Get rid of this.
And get rid of this trust is very productive I think with private.
So that's least.
Right.
Then intense and then starts.
I think it is the title to.
Okay.
Great.
Now for the price as well.
We're going to need to get rid of this discovery underscore.
And the score for that list, then it tends to look for the item that is going to be thought.
Price.
They're going to need to convert it to the strength to tell that it's going to be a test.
Okay.
Like Malek Overton, it's a test.
Okay, great.
Are you going to see a nine, nine and 19 and what you can just do?
We can add this to it.
Those are the hardest days.
And get rid of this to string it over here.
They're going to hide this.
In a way you can had this.
The way we can learn how to dollar sign and we can use the backslash.
And have a look at dollar sign.
Right.
Okay.
He's going to try to save.
Great.
She was good.
As all you can do for the film screen.
They can.
Okay.
Fields screen.
I think we have the design in the.
In this fields products.
Okay.
It was Earl.
And the price should be okay.
So we can do this in.
Now get rid of this two string.
Add this.
And this.
And your daughter.
Okay.
We can and that's easier.
The dollar nat is dollar.
We can use the bucks.
Just keep it and then we can have another dollar.
Okay.
I think we should walk.
Sounds good.
And in this lecture or in the future lecture, they're going to look for a way to improve.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.